Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Damn it.
I'll just start again.
Start from the top.
Right.
Miss Lamb.
What?
Well. spit it out.
We're collecting for charity.
Good for you.
It's for Help the Aged.
You know how you can
help the aged?
You can bugger off.
Let's look.
- It's a map.
- What? Let me see.
- A map?
- Oh. look.
Nazi spy.
Right there.
Come on. follow me.
Go. go. go.
Come on. Quick.
- Oi!
- Nazi witch!
Nazi spy!
Oh. Miss Lamb.
Miss Lamb.
it's the WVS meeting tonight.
Can I count you in?
Unbelievable.
Oh. Lord.
I will go to the police.
Look. they're just children.
Or buy a shotgun.
- Please. Miss Lamb...
- It's my property!
I won't have it.
Perhaps if you didn't
provoke them...
Miss Lamb.
Miss Lamb!
"Upon the heat and flame
of thy distemper.
- sprinkle cool patience. sir."
- Wha...?
As the Bard said.
Yeah.
Shakespeare didn't have
to deal with Alice Lamb.
though. did he?
Or he might have said.
"Get thee under the table
and hide."
Yes. Who's next...
Ooh. no. darling. not today.
I want it.
We don't have enough coupons
for chocolate. sweetheart.
You'll have to wait
till next week.
That's right.
We've all got to do our bit.
Can't I just have a little bit?
You couldn't let us.
just this once. could you. Mew?
I'm sorry.
I wish I could.
I'll have a packet of Westerley.
And this.
That is so kind.
W-What do you say
to the nice lady. Martha?
That's two coupons.
Miss Lamb?
What?
We were expecting you
an hour ago.
Sorry?
The others were met
at the station.
Fancy leaving poor Frank
on his own.
- Frank?
This is Miss Lamb.
your new guardian.
- There's been a mistake.
- No.
- You've got the wrong house.
- Alice Lamb. Dune Cottage.
- Yes. but--
- In you go. Frank.
No. you don't.
I don't want him.
You can't refuse.
You had a letter.
No. I didn't.
You must have...
What did I tell you?
We've all got to do our bit.
So you take him.
I'm working.
I have four of my own.
More fool you.
You should have been
more careful.
Get inside.
Go on.
Get out.
- No. you don't!
- Oh. for pity's sake!
We're struggling enough
to find families.
I'll need at least a week
to find him somewhere else.
You'll have to take him
till then.
I'm in the middle of a draft.
And if you really can't find it
in your heart to keep him.
then bring him to the school
next week
and we'll have to
make arrangements.
- But...
- A week. that's all.
I'm sorry. son.
You're touching my things.
Don't touch my things.
I'm not.
Do you think you're funny?
What's for dinner?
You don't expect me
to cook it for you?
There's the stove.
Need anything?
I always have milk
before bedtime.
Good for you.
Bathroom's there.
Don't touch my creams.
It's my dad's.
Pilot. is he?
In Twenty-one Squadron.
Do you like planes?
I hate them.
They murder my sleep.
He's got two medals.
What?
I'm supposed to go to school.
Well. go on. then.
Where is it?
I could not go to school.
I wouldn't mind.
You can't be stupid
all your life.
Donk!
Miss Lamb.
What a pleasure to see you
again so soon.
I want to give him back.
Welcome to St Nicholas. my boy.
Best school in the country.
You'll be in Class Two.
Miss Poskitt!
Why don't you come with me?
Go on. then.
No one likes a coward.
I do hope he's settling in.
When can I get rid of him?
It's going to be terribly difficult
to find him somewhere
Then you'd better start trying.
Listen. I know you're busy
writing your stories...
Academic theses.
Just wonder whether
you might try.
He could end up
further away from his mother!
This is Frank.
He's an evacuee from London.
Why don't we find you
somewhere to sit?
Here. next to Edie.
when she deigns to arrive.
Edie Corey. one more late
and I'll keep you after school.
Be good. Class Two.
Mrs Bassett.
This is Frank.
You can be partners.
Be nice. please.
I don't believe in partners.
Spelling books out.
Frank. you can share with Edie.
Or sharing.
Why not?
I'm an individualist.
Wreck.
It's a person who shows
independence of thought
- and/or action.
- Wrung. Bristle.
- I'm a maverick.
- Hustle.
I just got told to sit here.
- Mavericks don't follow rules.
- Biscuit.
We're free thinkers.
Edie Corey. spelling list.
Crumbs.
What you get from biscuit.
What?
This seat here is free.
isn't it?
You get stood up. too?
Actually. I came on my own.
Not anymore.
Vera Willbond.
How do you do?
What's that?
Secret.
- Show me.
- No.
What will you give me?
- Show you up my skirt.
- No thanks.
I wouldn't have anyway.
- Who are you staying with?
- A lady.
But only for a week.
Then I have to move.
Why?
Did you do something bad?
No.
Still. at least you escaped.
You're fourteen times
more likely to be blow up
in London than anywhere.
And even if you don't die.
they can burn your skin off
so you don't have eyelids anymore.
My mom's in London.
Mine's dead.
What about your dad?
He's in the war.
So is mine.
- We might be invaded soon.
- Who says?
My grandma.
She said they might come here.
- Why?
- Cause no one suspects.
Probably here already.
Look. Spies.
They don't look like spies.
That's the whole point. stupid.
I'll show you for a peppermint.
I've only got one.
Half?
Does anyone else live here?
No.
Do you have any pets?
You think I should have a cat.
don't you?
Read them. if you like.
No. thank you.
Why not?
They don't look very interesting.
I wrote them.
- Are they stories?
- No.
Analysis of folklore.
Science behind the myths.
Visions. witches.
That sort of thing.
Women living alone with cats.
- That's Italy.
- What do you want. a prize?
What do you call an Italian
with a cold?
It's a joke.
My mom taught me.
- A joke?
- You say. I don't know.
What do you call an Italian
with a cold?
No.
I say.
speak when you're spoken to.
- So...
- So what?
What do you call an Italian
with a cold?
I don't know!
Julius Sneezer.
That's ridiculous.
- It's funny.
- No. it's not.
Actually. it's ignorant.
Italy wasn't unified until 1861.
So you should say.
"What do you call a Roman
with a cold."
Tell your mother that.
How are you getting on. son?
Not missing the bright lights.
I hope.
Yeah. I know.
You-You have rather picked
the bad apple.
Got the thin end
of the wedge so to speak.
"The beast on the beach."
No. Forget I said that.
I'm joking.
You'll be fine.
It's hard leaving people
behind you.
You just have to keep
your pecker up.
Could be worse.
How?
There's adders in the woods.
poisonous ones.
Want to come?
No. thanks.
You're scared.
I'm not.
I'm going to catch one.
trap it and make it into tea.
in case I'm abducted
by a German.
What if he doesn't like tea?
Everyone likes tea.
Where are you going?
Back to where I'm staying.
No one lives up there.
Except the witch.
What witch?
Race you.
That's her.
- Do you live with her?
- Yes.
She's mad.
Says who?
Says my grandma.
And everyone.
She sends signals to the Nazis.
No. she doesn't.
She writes books.
Spells.
No.
Folklore and stuff.
She'll make you her slave.
They all have them.
They make you work
till you're all bones.
Then when you're worn out.
they burn you.
or do sex things to you.
She won't.
They'll never find your body!
- Is that King Arthur?
- No.
It's Morgan Le Fay.
She was a sorceress.
What's Fata Morgana?
I thought you were
digging potatoes.
They won't dig themselves.
It's a myth.
About how she lured sailors
to their deaths.
How?
With visions of floating islands.
They say she'd conjure them up
to make sailors steer off course.
crash their boats and drown.
Why?
Because she's a woman
in folklore.
ergo a temptress or a virgin.
She's bound to get blamed
for something.
But it isn't just Fata Morgana.
There's all sorts of myths about
islands floating in the sky.
Why?
People like to have something
to believe in.
It's what everyone wants. magic.
Or God.
Or something.
Hokum. all of it.
But people must have
seen something.
Stories have to come
from somewhere.
Ha-he-ha-he...
Oi! Nazi witch!
You're a witch.
- Hey!
- Spy!
- Nazi spy!
- Hey! I t...
- You'll burn witch.
- Hey! I told you...
- Clear off!
- Nazi!
Get out!
Frank!
- You're a Nazi!
- Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow.
Hold still.
I've got things to do.
Frank.
Are you a Nazi?
Yes. I'm a Nazi.
I'm going to murder you
in your bed.
Course I'm not a Nazi.
Now. come here.
Will it sting?
Hey. you'll have to toughen up.
You want them to think
you're a coward?
Why did they do it?
They've nothing better to do.
Probably think it's funny.
a woman living here on her own.
Why do you?
I suppose it's just the way
it worked out.
Empty that before you spill it.
Vera Willbond.
How do you do?
Alice?
As in Wonderland?
No.
After Alice Evans.
Micro biologist.
My father's idea.
Oh.
Is he a scientist?
He was.
I'm sorry.
It's alright.
It's not. though. is it?
Presumably.
No.
Not really.
Not really at all.
Well. here we are.
So I say. make the most of it.
What do you do?
I'm a history student.
You?
Modern languages. officially.
But truth is.
I'm writing a novel.
Don't tell.
I love this.
Let's talk afterwards.
I know just the place we can go.
♪♪
You'll fall over.
I can't make the wings stay on.
You think it's fun
to play games about war?
I'm not.
They're too heavy.
If you insist on doing it
you might at least
do it properly.
You need balsa wood or cedar.
Go and look in the drift.
Is this for your book?
You... Youghal...
Youghal Bay.
What are they?
Sitings.
Nineteen-sixteen.
a painter says he sees an island
rise out of the sea.
The papers say it's a submarine.
- It's got trees on it.
- Yes.
Look at the coastlines.
- Er...
- Reggio.
Reggio...
Youghal Bay.
Youghal...
They're the same shape.
Now. look at this.
We're here. near Ramsgate.
Notice anything?
It's the same. too.
Look.
Read this.
"The cliffs between Dover
and Ramsgate incer..."
Intercept.
"...intercept the view
of Dover Castle."
Yet the people of Ramsgate
saw Dover Castle
floating above the sea.
Proof.
Floating islands.
Here.
Where are you going?
To see it for myself.
Where?
Ramsgate.
Can I come?
- No!
- Please?
That's where they saw it.
There.
What happens now?
We wait.
For what?
Magic?
Science.
Proof.
Have you ever been in a plane?
No chance.
Are you scared?
Do you always ask
mindless questions?
Have you?
Yep. with my pa.
What's it like?
Really loud.
and sometimes
I couldn't breathe.
Weren't you scared?
Only when they shot at us.
Why are you lying?
I'm not.
Look. there!
- Where? What?
- Right there!
Below the big cloud.
You're not looking
where I'm looking.
- W-where?
- It's there.
- Look. It's a tower.
- Where?
It's. it's there.
It's a tower.
- I can't see.
- On a floating island.
With a green flag on it.
on a turret.
Look.
A green flag on a turret.
Right there.
Do you think this is a game?!
This is my work.
Dover Castle doesn't fly flags.
I saw it.
A green flag on a turret.
- I'm not lying.
- You're not taking this seriously.
- Where are you going?
- We're going home.
- It's not my home!
- Well. stay here. then.
See if I care.
Frank?
Frank!
You really saw it.
I'm sorry. Frank.
What are you doing?
It's broken.
Well. what do you think
we should do about that then?
What if it breaks?
Alright. listen to me.
Life is not kind.
Anguish is inevitable.
Your heart will break.
Your friends will die.
You may even think
about killing yourself.
Planes crash. Frank.
What matters is how
you deal with it.
What if it crashes?
I'll build another one.
Well then...
what are you waiting for?
Frank!
Worth it?
Yeah?
Why didn't you have a husband?
Why don't you have a wife?
You think I need a husband?
Did you ever have one?
There was someone once.
Who?
It's in the past now.
- Did you get married?
- No.
Why not?
What is this. twenty questions?
Can we have chips for dinner?
You always want chips.
Thank God I've only got you
for a few more days
or I'd probably starve to death.
- You'll miss the turn in.
- Who cares.
- I like this road.
- I care. Vee.
I quite like to get there
in one piece...
♪ Where's that blue room
they sing about?
♪ Where's that sunshine
they fling about?
♪ I know morning will come.
but pardon my laughter
♪ In each scenario
♪ You can depend on the end
where the lovers all agree ♪
There's the turn in!
Look at the lake.
Where are you taking me?
I like your feet.
My feet?
Why are you looking at my feet?
They're a nice shape.
Why don't you paint your toes?
Why would I?
Because they're old and crusty.
And you might want to look nice.
like a normal person.
That's it.
Don't go in.
Stay.
Do you miss him?
You are allowed to.
He was your father.
I think you're remarkable...
to get by...
with no one.
Not no one now.
You saw a fish?
It's right here.
Hello.
You're a friend from school?
This is Edie.
Hello. Edie.
There's a letter for you.
Is there?
Do you want to come in?
You're joking.
See you.
Where is it?
On the table.
Any news?
Dad's got a new plane.
It's called a Lockheed Ventura.
It's got twin engines
and it's blue.
And your mother?
She's got a job
talking to Ministers.
Ministers?
Doing what?
Doesn't say.
It's 'cause of the war.
You should write back.
Put this in. too.
What is it?
It says I'm sending you back.
you're a pain in my side.
It's alright.
Couple more days.
you'll be gone anyway.
Where will I go?
With a family from school.
I expect.
Much more fun.
Can I stay here?
I told you. I have to work.
Blessed chance of that
with you around.
Come on.
We'll post it on the way.
Where are we going?
Turret hunting.
The floating islands in the clouds.
is that like heaven?
No. it's physics.
Some sort of mirage.
Do you believe in heaven?
Yes.
Well. you shouldn't.
It's just made up
by the Christians
to make themselves feel better.
How do you know?
Because if it was true.
what happened to all the people
who died before the Christians?
Where did their souls go?
Summerland.
Where?
Come on.
I know a short cut.
Where's Summerland?
Here.
In Kent?
No.
All around us.
Like a layer that we can't see.
until it gets disturbed
by a restless soul
that's trying to tell us something.
- How?
- How do you think?
By disturbing the patterns.
Look.
Patterns in the clouds.
Pagans thought they were signs.
From Summerland.
Magic.
I thought you didn't
believe in magic.
I don't.
Stories have to come
from somewhere.
In the myth about Morgan Le Fay.
do you think that's what
the sailors saw?
What?
Summerland.
If it's invisible except sometimes.
like the island.
They're completely different ideas.
Summerland's pagan.
Fata Morgana's a myth.
Could be the same.
If it's dead people
making a sign.
maybe Summerland is the island.
None of it's real.
The islands are mirages
and Summerland's just
a pagan heaven.
How do you know?
Just because you haven't seen it?
Can I have her now?
It's my turn.
I haven't had long enough.
Please.
What is that?
This is Molly.
She's our rat.
We take it in turns
to look after her.
She's not coming inside.
She'll stay in my pocket.
What happened to your shoe?
- Edie slipped on the rocks.
- No. I didn't.
- We'd better clean it up.
- No!
You don't want an infection.
This might sting a bit.
All done.
Better?
Yes.
Do you want to stay for dinner?
It's Frank's last night.
so I'm celebrating.
- I'm not allowed.
- Oh?
Well. then. another time.
- Excuse me.
- Sorry.
Sorry.
Can we put some music on?
Put it back.
- What is it?
- Put it back!
Hand me your plate.
Sorry.
It's just...
it was a gift. that's all.
From who?
A lady.
A friend.
It's a good tune.
Was she the one you loved?
Why d'you say that?
Would you think it was strange...
if a woman loved another woman?
No.
Sorry.
It's not you.
You didn't do...
It's just...
most people think it's wicked.
Why?
I don't know.
They think it's a sin.
To love someone.
That we should burn in hell.
It's not as bad as marrying
somebody you don't like.
Do they argue?
At home?
Sometimes.
Sometimes they just go quiet.
Did you kiss her?
How would you feel
if I said yes?
Don't know.
Then yes.
How was that?
Alright.
Was it on the lips?
Mostly.
Eat up.
Your stew's getting cold.
Tell me how to make your bed.
- Top two corners.
- Then?
The bottom. and then the other.
And make sure you put
the pots away.
And write to your mother.
Always help with the washing-up.
And?
Don't always ask for chips.
Ready for the big day?
Good news. my boy.
We've found you a family.
Decent enough people.
They're. er. er. retired.
They. they live just
up the coast.
And there's a place for you at St Joseph's.
What?
It's not a bad school at all.
I don't want to move school.
Surely you can keep him here.
Well. he can't go to school here
if he doesn't live here.
This isn't what you said.
Why did you lie?!
I didn't know.
Frank!
Be good.
Very serious. dear.
Do I look stern?
Go on.
What do the stars have in store.
Madame Lamb?
A long life.
Good health.
You meet a delectable woman
at twenty-two
and never look back again.
And this line?
Ah. that line says you
ought to use cold cream.
And this one?
You are destined to be
a fine novelist.
but first you have to finish
your book.
What else does my palm say?
That's it.
What about family?
Can't tell.
Al.
Why won't you talk about this?
- Vee...
- We need to talk about this.
I want a family.
What if I want to be a mother?
Aren't you gonna come and play?
Ready to meet your new family?
You'll have to be on your
very best behavior.
We can't be finding you
a new set
when this lot
give you the heave-ho.
I'm joking.
Come on.
You know I'll give you straight back
if you misbehave.
Go on. then.
It's yours.
What is it?
Why did you say I couldn't stay?
That you didn't want me?
I changed my mind.
I'm sorry.
Frank.
It's the truth.
I wouldn't lie to you.
Promise?
I promise.
Mr Sullivan said
it's your birthday tomorrow.
Can we have cake?
We'll see.
I'm hunting scrap iron.
Mr Sullivan said they'd give us
a penny for every box.
Wanna come?
- Can I?
- Go on.
Be back before it's dark.
Look what I found.
We'll get a penny for that.
I might run away soon.
My grandma's getting an evacuee.
Might be good.
No.
They're only getting her
because I'm
an inadequate offspring.
Says who?
I read about it.
They're compensating because
I don't fulfill the feminine ideal.
like Mum did.
I know.
'cause they ordered a girl.
She'll probably like ballet
and everything.
I'm glad you don't like ballet.
You don't fancy me. do you?
No.
Bombers up.
No. I don't want another one.
Is Frank here?
He's out with Edie.
I need to speak to him.
What is it?
I can tell him when he gets back.
His father.
His father?
We just had the telegram.
Poor fellow...
...having to bear it on his own.
He's not on his own.
You'll have to tell him.
Me?
I can't stay here all night.
I-uh...
His mother.
She should tell him.
And we've been trying
to contact her
but she's been working
for the Ministry.
They're not likely
to release her.
What if she telephoned?
Telephoned?
He's a child. Ms. Lamb.
He has to be told properly.
face to face.
And looked after.
You tell him.
It's his birthday tomorrow.
- I can't tell him.
- Then do it tonight.
Guess what I've got?
Go on.
Guess.
What?
It's bacon.
from Mrs. Bassett.
I think it's because
she felt sorry for me.
because I'm staying with you.
She doesn't know
I want to though.
Can we make sandwiches...
and chips?
Yes.
Please may I have
a birthday party?
Edie could come.
And you and me.
Frank.
Do you think I could get
a bicycle?
Edie has one.
Look what I've got.
All the way from...
What are you doing?
You said you'd give me time.
I tried to say
but you wouldn't listen.
- But I love you and we--
- What?
What can we ever be?
Two spinsters who can
barely walk out together.
Don't you dare be a coward.
I'm childless.
The rest I can take.
What people say.
all of that.
For you.
But I want to be a mother
more than anything.
More than us?
Please don't.
No.
Please.
- I'm sorry.
- Please don't do this.
- Please.
- I'm sorry.
What is that?
My birthday hat.
Better not wear it
in the blackout.
See you later.
Happy birthday.
Good morning. Class Two.
We have a new evacuee joining us.
Cassie is staying with Edie Corey.
Isn't that right?
And she's come all the way
from Belfast.
Mr Sullivan.
do you have a moment?
I'll leave you to it.
Right.
Where would you like to sit?
That's my seat.
Let's be kind
to our new friend. please.
There.
Frank'll look after you.
You could be partners.
Frank would like that.
Race you.
What about Cassie?
Shouldn't we ask her?
Last one past the grocer's
a German.
Edie. wait!
- Hello. Granny.
- What in heaven's name...?
We're escaping the Germans.
That is not funny.
Who's this?
Frank.
It's his birthday.
Oh.
Happy birthday. Frank.
Are you having a party?
Yes. and we're going on a trip.
We're trying to find Summerland.
Where?
It's a ghost island
from Mrs Lamb's book.
Right. Frank. off you go.
Edie. you're coming with me.
Come on.
In here.
I need mushrooms.
Whatever was that all about?
Edie's not coming.
Come on.
Let's get going while
the light's good.
Come on.
- Mrs. Corey...
- She's up to no good.
And that's not right.
not when there's a child.
You need to do something.
And until then. I don't want Edie
mixing with him.
I can't not go to school.
Or Cassie.
Put him in another class.
For God's sake.
he's just lost his father.
He needs all the friends
he can get.
You. you didn't know?
Aircraft carrier.
Sunk at the weekend.
Terrible business.
Did you have to tell him?
No. Miss Lamb did.
I hope she did it gently.
Bad news is bad news.
however you tell it.
There's nothing makes it easier.
I've got a surprise for you.
- What is it?
- You'll have to wait and see.
Edie. we thought
you weren't coming.
We've got cake.
And jelly rabbit.
Come on.
Surprise!
Who'll go first?
Let's shake for it.
Come on. come on.
Come on. Edie.
Your turn.
Come on.
Don't want to.
Ready? Go!
My turn.
What did you get
for your birthday. Frank?
My hat.
I showed you.
I meant from your mum and dad.
Where'd you say they are?
Spin me. Spin me. Spin me.
- Edie...
- I told you.
My mum's doing something
with Ministers
and my dad's got a new plane.
Spin me faster.
No. please.
Edie.
Come on.
Edie!
- You haven't told him.
- Edie!
I was trying to protect him.
You're not his mum.
- Edie. please. listen to me.
- You're not.
You're a liar.
A liar!
Edie. please.
- Edie...
- It's not right.
I promise...
It's his birthday.
Please.
I'll tell him...
You're lying to him.
Why won't you tell him?
I'll tell him tomorrow.
I promise.
Promise what?
It's. it's a surprise
for your birthday.
Where were you two going?
We hadn't even had cake yet.
We are.
We are having cake.
Go in.
We'll follow you up.
- Get off me.
- Edie.
- Don't.
- Listen to me.
I promise you.
I will tell him tomorrow.
But just let me do it my way.
You mustn't say anything to him.
Do you understand?
Edie?
Edie. listen to me.
Do you understand?
Edie!
Why did Edie go home?
She was just dizzy.
Can I ask you something?
How come only I could see it?
See what?
Summerland.
How come you couldn't?
Maybe I need glasses.
I think someone's trying
to speak to me.
It's just a story.
It's just a trick of the light.
Like a mirage in the desert.
Refraction.
It isn't real.
But if it was.
if it was someone
trying to speak to you.
someone who'd passed.
you know what it would mean?
That they loved you.
Very much.
And they wanted you to know.
N.
N is for "nut".
Take all your things. please.
everyone.
- Don't run! Don't run.
- Make sure you have everything with you.
- Oh. What's the point?
- Hats and boots please.
Go on. then. run.
Do what you like.
Uh... Frank.
Frank.
I'm deeply sorry. Frank.
I... If you need someone
to talk to...
I'm fine. thanks.
S... Sorry?
I'm used to it now.
It's alright.
You...
You don't have to put on
a brave face with me. old chap.
It. it's a terrible shock.
Can I go now?
W-w...
O... Of course.
Do you want a go?
It's for two people.
It's alright.
You can have my turn
if you like.
Frank.
I was only looking.
It's your turn.
I'm supposed to
look out for her.
You're a suck.
Just 'cause you fancy her.
I'm not a suck.
You are.
- She's got inside your head.
- Who?
- The witch.
- She's not a witch.
Witch. witch. witch.
- Witch. witch. witch.
Lying witch.
She's not a witch. Shut up.
Shut up.
She's not a witch.
She's a liar.
And you can't even see it.
You're the liar.
She's a liar. Frank.
and you're too stupid to see it.
You're just jealous.
Jealous?
Why would I be jealous?
'Cause you haven't got a mum!
She is a liar.
She's a liar
'cause your dad's dead.
She hasn't even told you!
What are you talking about?
Edie. what are you talking about?
My dad's fine.
He's not dead.
Edie. he's not dead.
Say something!
Edie. say something!
What on earth...?
Is this what you had?
- I'm sorry?
- From the evacuee council.
Was it a letter like this.
from the ministry?
You can't go round turning up
at people's houses...
Just tell me how you knew.
when they chose you.
for Cassie.
- When they chose us?
- When they picked you.
They don't pick you.
You volunteer.
We volunteered.
Like you did.
Think carefully.
Was there anywhere
or anyone he'd want to go to.
other than his mother?
He wouldn't.
To ladder 218 to London.
Come on!
but it's always late.
So with any luck...
Edie. why aren't you in school?
Edie...
- you haven't.
- Haven't what?
You haven't.
Edit. you haven't told him.
Where is he?
- Ms. Lamb...
- What is going on?
Where is he. Edie?!
You're certain
he's on the train?
Yeah. the station master
said there was a boy.
Well. how could he allow
him on board on his own.
- It's lunacy.
- Yeah. yeah.
It will take you hours to drive
and it isn't safe.
There must be some other way.
Like what?
Poor child.
He could be anywhere.
That's my son.
Hey. wait!
Frank.
Frank!
What on Earth--
- Do you mind?
- I'm sorry.
- Where's...
- Down the next street.
Behind you.
Frank.
- Sir. Sir.
- Yes. ma'am.
Who was in the house?
Number 12.
Don't know nothing. ma'am.
But a neighbor.
someone must have seen.
must know.
- His mother lives there.
- You'll just have to wait like everyone else.
- How long?
- It takes time. I don't...
Days most likely.
Six streets hit in Lambeth
last night.
I tell you what.
leave your details
and go home. ma'am.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
This isn't safe.
Everyone take shelter now!
Now!
The promised to telephone.
The moment they hear anything.
Frank.
She wouldn't want you
to be here.
In London.
Where it isn't safe.
Come with me for her.
Please.
Shall we have the wireless on?
- Stop the car!
- What?
Stop the car!
Frank!
Frank.
It isn't safe.
You knew and you didn't say.
I wanted to tell you.
I didn't know how.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I felt it.
I saw him. my dad.
in Summerland.
I saw him.
There.
Frank!
Here.
Can I sit down?
Frank...
I'm sorry.
I lost my father.
He was on the Majestic.
one of the greatest ships
in the fleet.
One of the hardest things was
we didn't know how to grieve.
He was just gone.
Out there.
War.
You know.
he loved stories of the sea.
Norsemen.
He said when a Viking died.
they lay them on their boat
set it ablaze
and sent it out into the waves.
The fire freed their spirit
so it'd float away to paradise.
So we built a boat for him.
What sort of boat?
Out of paper and sticks.
We waited till it was dark.
Then we set it alight
and let it sail out to sea.
watched till the last embers
burned away.
I suppose it was our way
of saying goodbye.
Go on.
I know you might not
be here for long.
but while you are.
it's yours.
What sort of plane's that?
Tiger Moth.
Once I went in the cockpit.
Did your mother know?
No.
She's scared of planes.
She likes cars.
Do you have a favorite one?
Here.
Round or straight?
Round. please.
Knock. knock.
Sir's here.
I just wanted to check on
the return of the native.
Quite an adventure
you've had. eh?
Miss Lamb. I wonder if. um...
Er...
We need more sticks.
Do you want to go
and fetch some?
Yes. I. um. I. er.
hope you don't mind.
I know what you're going to say.
I know it was wrong.
But I couldn't tell him.
It's...
These things don't come
naturally to me.
No.
Nobody knows how to be a parent.
especially now.
We all just muddle through
as best we can.
But you two.
well. I never thought
I'd live to say it. but.
gosh. you make quite a pair.
He has a great deal...
to cope with now.
He's going to need you.
You're doing a grand job.
Miss Lamb.
Alice.
Who'd have thought it?
Yeah. better watch out.
or they'll send you
a whole train load of them.
No. no. no. no
I absolutely can't.
I. I'm joking.
I'm joking.
They wouldn't dare.
You left the lights on.
No. I didn't.
Mummy!
Frank!
Hello. Alice.
We've been making a plane.
Have you?
What sort of plane?
One like Daddy's.
It's for him.
It isn't finished yet.
I'm so sorry.
About your husband.
Thank you
for keeping Frank safe.
I just knew if anything
happened to us.
you were the only one I'd trust
to take care of him.
He could have died.
If I hadn't been so stupid.
- I'm sorry. Vee.
- Al...
I'm sorry.
You saved his life.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
It's silly.
There was a teacloth somewhere.
Or you could use a handkerchief.
Like a normal person.
Bugger off.
Are you rewriting again?
He'll be here any minute.
Well. just go away
and stop distracting me.
I like distracting you.
Look at this.
I might enjoy this one.
Not when you see how
I've written you.
I thought I'd be the heroine.
Tracking you down.
- Like Poirot.
- Oh. really.
You stumble into a bookshop.
make one call to a publisher.
It hardly qualifies you
as the next Agatha Christie.
Stumbled?
There was nothing
accidental about it.
It was the twenty-third shop
I'd tried.
You never told me that.
Come on.
I'll catch you up.
I've finished it.
Would you believe it?
Can I have a look?
Come on.
I thought we'd go for chips.
Well. if you want chips.